A man had a hen that laid a golden egg for him each and every day. The man was not satisfied with this daily profit. Instead, he foolishly grasped for more. Expecting to find a treasure inside, the man slaughtered the hen. When he found that the hen did not have a treasure inside her after all, he remarked to himself, “While chasing after hopes of a treasure, I lost the profit I held in my hands!”

A wealthy Athenian was making a sea voyage with some companions. A terrible storm blew up and the ship capsized. All the other passengers started to swim, but the Athenian kept praying to Athena, making all kinds of promises if only she would save him. Then one of the other shipwrecked passengers swam past him and said, “While you pray to Athena, start moving your arms!”

Once upon a time, when the sun announced his intention to take a wife, the frogs lifted up their voices in clamor to the sky. Jupiter, disturbed by the noise of their croaking, inquired the cause of their complaint. One of them said, “The sun, now while he is single, parches up the marsh, and compels us to die miserably in our arid homes. What will be our future condition if he should beget other suns?”

When Thales the astronomer was gazing up at the sky, he fell into a pit. A Thracian slave woman, who was both wise and witty, is said to have made fun of him for being eager to know what was happening over his head while failing to notice what was right there at his feet.

The moon once begged her mother to make her a gown. “How can I?” replied she. “There’s no fitting your figure. At one time you’re a new moon, and at another you’re a Full Moon, and between whiles you’re neither one nor the other.”

Some honeybees were making honey in the hollow of an oak tree. A shepherd discovered the bees’ work and attempted to carry away some of the honey. The honeybees flew all around him, stinging the man with their stings. In the end the shepherd exclaimed, “I give up! I don’t need the honey if it means dealing with the bees.”

There was a dog who used to sneak up and bite people. His master forged a bell for the dog and tied it onto him so that everyone would know when he was coming. The dog then paraded about the marketplace, shaking his bell back and forth. An old dog said to him, “You wretched creature! Why are you so proud of yourself? This is not a decoration for bravery or good behavior. You are shamefully beating the drum of your own evil deeds!”

The doctor asked his patient, “How are you feeling?”” The patient said, “Woe is me! I’m shivering all over, which has me very worried.” The doctor assured the patient that this was actually a good sign. The next time the doctor asked the patient how he was doing, the man replied, “I feel awful! I’m suffering from a high fever which has me confined to bed.” Again the doctor said that this was a positive symptom. Finally a member of the man’s family asked, “How are you doing, my dear brother? I hope you get well soon!” The man replied, “I’m dying of positive symptoms!”

There was once a frog who noticed an ox standing in the meadow. The frog was seized by a jealous desire to equal the ox in size so she puffed herself up, inflating her wrinkled skin. She then asked her children if she was now bigger than the ox. They said that she was not. Once again she filled herself full of air, straining even harder than before, and asked her children which of the two of them was bigger. “The ox is bigger,” said her children. The frog was finally so indignant that she tried even harder to puff herself up, but her body exploded and she fell down dead.

A man who had just been badly bitten by a dog was looking for someone who could heal his wound. He ran into someone who told him, “Here is what you need to do: let the blood from your wound drip onto a piece of bread and then feed the bread to the dog who bit you. If you do that, your wound will be cured.” The man who had been bitten by the dog replied, “But if I do that, every single dog in the city will want to bite me!”

